---
layout: 'post'
title: 'Quantum Computing: Progress and Prospect' 
---

## Summary

### Why Building and Using A Quantum Computer is Challenging

<br>
In a classical computer uses bit to represent the values it is operating on; a quantum computer uses quantum bits, or qubits.

> A bit can either be 0 or 1, while a qubit can represent the values of 0 or 1, or some combination of both at the same time. (Superposition).

<br>

At any single point in time the state of a quantum computer with the same number of quantum bits can span all possible states of the correspoinding classical computer, and thus works in an exponentially larger problem space. **However, to use the space, all qubits have to be interconnected (*Entangled*) and well isolated from outside enviroments.**

Two technologies used in most Q.C.

1. Traped Ions
2. Artificial Atom generated by super-conducting circuits

<br>

### Technical Risks

#### Qubit cannot intrisically rejecrt noise.

Major Difference Between Classicial Computer and Quantum Computer

> How they handle smalll unwanted variations.

Classical computer can reject large variations in their inputs and still produce noise free output. **In Contrast**, Q.C. cannot reject small error occured in their physical system, so small errors in inputs can lead to wrong outputs.

> One of the most important design parameters for systems that operate on physical qubits is their **error rate.**

#### Error Free QC requires Quantum Error Correction

A quantum error correction (QEC) algorithm on a physical quantum conmputer to emulate a noise-free, or "full error corrected," quantum computer.

QEC incurs significant **overheads** in terms of the number of physical qubits required to emulate a more robust and stable qubit, "logical qubit" and the number of primitive  qubit operations that must be performed on physical qubits to emulate a quantum operation on this logical qubit.

**Quantum computers in near term are likely to have errors. This class of machiens is referred to as noisy intermediate-scale quantum *(NISQ)***

#### Large Data Inputs Cannot be loaded into a QC Efficiently

While a quantum computer can use a small number of qub its to represent an exponentially larger amount of data, there is not currently a method to rapidly convert a large amount of classical data to a quantum state.

#### Quantum Algorithm Design is Challenging

To exploit the benefits of quantum computers, quantum algorithms must utilise uniquely quantum features such **interference** and **entanglement** to arrive at the final classical result.

> Quantum Algorithm development is a critical aspect of the field.

<br>

#### Quantum Computers Will Need a New Software Stack

We need new kinds of softwares to drive the quantum hardware, so tools are needed to create and debug QC-specific software.

<br>

#### The Intermediate State of a Quantum Computer Cannot Be Measured Directly

Current debugging methods for classical computers rely on memory, and the reading of intermedaite machines states. **Neither is possible in a quantum computer.**

A quantum state cannot simply be copied for later examination, and any measurement of a quantum state collapses it to a set of classical bits, bringing computation to a halt. **New approaches to debugging are essential for the development of large-scale quantum computers.**

### Time Frames for Achiving Quantum Computing

Given the overhead of QEC, near-term machines wil almost certainly be noisy intermediate-scale quantum (NISQ) computers, but there were no practical applications for NISQ computers available. Developing commercial NISQ computer applications by the early 2020s will be essential to starting the virtuous cycle of investment.

> Research and development into practical commercial applications of noisy intermediate-scale quantum (NISQ) computers is an issue of immediate urgency for the field.

Three categories of QC

1. Analog QC
2. Digital NISQ computer
3. Fully error-corrected quantum computers

### MileStonges

After 2000 qubits in quantum annealer in 2017, progresses are from these areas.

1. Demonstration of "quantum supremacy"
2. Create a commercially useful quantum computer, which would requirea QC to carry out a task more efficiently than any classical computer.
3. Deployment of QECon a QC to create a logical qubit with a significant reduction in error rate and this is the first step to create fully error-corrected machines.

### Metrics

Progress can be tracked in the 

* near term by monitoring the scalling rate of physical qubits at *constant average gate error rate*
* long term by monitoring the effective number of logical (error-corrected) qubits that a system represents.

### QC and Cryptography

Since QC can solve problems exponentially faster than classical computer, some modern asymetric cryptographic problems can be sovled very fast by QC threatening all data and information protected by modern cryptography.

There is strong commercial interest in deploying post-quantum cryptography well before such QC has been built.

> Key Finding 1: With the current state of QC, it is highly unexpected that a quantum computer that can defeat RSA 2048 will be built in the next decade.

<br>

> Key Finding 10: Deployment of post-quantum cryptography is critical for minimizing the chance of potential security and privacy disaster.

### Risk and Benefits of pursuing Quantum Computer

Advance in QC will lead to transformative new knowledge and applications.

Successful quantum computation will require unprecedented control of quantum coherence, extending what is possible by refining what are available or perhaps developing new ones.


## Remarks on Summary






# Progress in Computing

# Quantum Computing: A new Paradigm

# Quantum Algorithms And Applications

# Quantum Computing's Implications for Cryptography

# Essential Hardware Components of A Quantum Computer

# Essential Software Components of A Scalable Quantum Computer

# Feasibility and Time Frames of Quantum Computing






