---
layout: 'post'
title: 'Quantum Computing: Progress and Prospect' 
---

## Summary

### Why Building and Using A Quantum Computer is Challenging

<br>
In a classical computer uses bit to represent the values it is operating on; a quantum computer uses quantum bits, or qubits.

> A bit can either be 0 or 1, while a qubit can represent the values of 0 or 1, or some combination of both at the same time. (Superposition).

<br>

At any single point in time the state of a quantum computer with the same number of quantum bits can span all possible states of the correspoinding classical computer, and thus works in an exponentially larger problem space. **However, to use the space, all qubits have to be interconnected (*Entangled*) and well isolated from outside enviroments.**

Two technologies used in most Q.C.

1. Traped Ions
2. Artificial Atom generated by super-conducting circuits

<br>

### Technical Risks

#### Qubit cannot intrisically rejecrt noise.

Major Difference Between Classicial Computer and Quantum Computer

> How they handle smalll unwanted variations.

Classical computer can reject large variations in their inputs and still produce noise free output. **In Contrast**, Q.C. cannot reject small error occured in their physical system, so small errors in inputs can lead to wrong outputs.

> One of the most important design parameters for systems that operate on physical qubits is their **error rate.**




# Profress in Computing

# Quantum Computing: A new Paradigm

# Quantum Algorithms And Applications

# Quantum Computing's Implications for Cryptography

# Essential Hardware Components of A Quantum Computer

# Essential Software Components of A Scalable Quantum Computer

# Feasibility and Time Frames of Quantum Computing






